So one of the things I've been working on lately is, essentially I've been working with sub agent flows for AI code. And the reason for that is usually when I just have a single agent execute on something, it ends up like pulling in context that's not really from what's being used, just like the context becomes polluted. Is the easiest way to say and over time, when you go through your conversation, you're it also like creates its own bias, because it's reading through its own logic. It's reading through its own chat logs, like what it's saying, or it's reading through it's like compacted conversation, which is like reinforcing patterns, right? So if you want to, you know, far down a conversation that you've been having, you want to start to change the patterns a little bit you might be working against, like a an influence in the other way, in the other direction. And so I think it's important that when you're doing this you you have like bounds on different contexts, right? So, for example, have a ticket in JIRA. Or what I've been using is linear, and linear uses issues. And essentially, the way I've been doing it is I send out agents to do specific tasks, right? So, like, the basic way to do it is you send out a single agent. So say I'm working through a problem with Cloud code, and I want executed task. I want that task to be executed in isolation, like I can give it information, I can give it context, but I want to be like, specific about what context and information I give it because it's being assigned to do a specific task, right? So I don't necessarily want to give it all the information available that we could like. It may like, lose direction. It may get like, false information. Information is not really relevant. So what we want to do is we want to make sure that you know we're dispatching an agent for those certain tasks. And usually what I'll do is I'll have like, either an issue or something like that or an investigation, right? So if I want to investigate an issue in the middle of a conversation where we might be having many other things happen, right? And also we might not want to pollute the context of our overall conversation or orchestrating things by doing these, like, you know, having these, I uh, you know, having all these things happening, like procedurally, in a way where we're just like, we have so much extra context that we don't necessarily need, right? So, like, for example, if we have a bug, or, say, we need to do some analysis to like there's an issue we want to analyze it so we could say, hey, I want to send out an agent, and that agent will be given its own prompt and its own context and its own instructions on how, on what we want to do to resolve that. And those instructions can be given by cloud code so you're you still like hard code can then decide, using its own best practices, what context should be added, and that's something you could also decide when you're creating your skills or anything like that, or when you're prompting like, what kind of context to get. And sometimes you might want to limit the context and and let quad grow know to limit the context, because the agents can actually run out of their own context. But this also gives you, like, the ability to run maybe you send out agents that are of a different model, like, maybe you have your overall orchestrator, like the cog bit, your cog code you're talking to is an opus 4.6 or something, right? And then when you send out sub agents, you're sending out sauna agents. So you may be able to send out, like, four or five sauna agents that can each do their own individual analysis of something. You know, maybe it's not the price of one 4.6 Opus, but, you know, you get quite a bit of, like, sustained context. And you could even have them look at different areas of the context, right? So it's not necessarily even that you send them all out to investigate the same thing, right? So you could send one out to investigate from this angle. You could have one investigate from this angle, right? Or you could have one specific type of sub agent, right, like a front end agent or a React agent or a database agent or an architect agent, have their own internal instructions that you won't have to rewrite, but will give it its own context, right? So if you send out, say, five agents, sauna agents, or, you know, whatever, but let's say they're sauna agents of five different types, let's say we'll do the same, same section, right then, when they come back, your agent, your cloud code instance, can look at all of those, compare them against each other. You know, sometimes you might have, like, some kind of, like, outlier decision or hallucination that happens if you send out five agents, most likely, probably four out of five of those agents are going to have something that makes sense, it'll be easy to have the fifth one like sit out, but if you do come up with issues, you can send out other waves of agents to go and deal with that. And if you're using sonnet agents, it's really not that expensive, or as expensive as you would think. You have to make sure that you're specifying so for investigation, it works really well, right? Because you can, like, limit context, you can give specific instructions. You can have multiple instantiations of, like, the analysis, so that you can see if there's outliers, or you can, like, see if there's any hallucinations. You can address issues as they come up. You might have one agent that finds something that four agents missed, right? So that's the kind of the inverse of what we're talking about before. And so then you could send out agents to then investigate that, right? And you could have them even validate, hey, is this even a concern or not, right? But then, for execution, if you write out tickets and you break down your project into tickets, you can easily, if you're using like an MCP server send out specific sub agents for each ticket, or, you know, however you want to break it down, but agents can look at what you're getting out of this is like, if you have a specific one claw code instance and it is looking at a whole Project, and it's going through, it's going to essentially, like, save it. Can't process everything that's in the project and keep all that context in its, you know, quote, unquote mind to work with, right? So what we're doing is, when we have we break down everything into specific tasks, which we could do with one agent, or we could do it with multiple agents, or we could just do it with our cloud code instance. But what that gives us the availability to do is, then, when we send out specific sub agents to work on tasks, we can, first of all, we have parallel if we need them to we can have crunch the parallelization to see if that's like how we can work out parallelization on our work but you could use and for that, you can use the separate work trees. So you could set up your you could set it up so each agent is creating its own separate get work tree, so that the you know you they're not interacting with each other and causing issues. And you're trying to build dev servers, or you're trying to, like, commit work, or anything like that, right? And then at that point, you can have multiple reviewers, you can have those agents who could do their own investigation, right? So now you're talking about a specific part of the application, you're talking about a specific ticket or feature or bug, right? That agent can then do its own investigation from the perspective of that issue. So it can take the ticket, which might be a granular ticket, maybe there's 100 tickets, right? It can take that ticket, and it could say, hey, from the perspective of this ticket, what do I need to investigate, what do I need to look at, what do I need to work on, right? And what do I need to like, think about? And then it could do its own investigation from that perspective, and then work on everything. And, you know, move forward. You could even separate that out, one to an investigation and do the work right? And you could work with these values of, like, how many, how, how you want to scale these, like, this kind of, like, horizontal scaling of agents, right, to get better consensus to get better, like, keep hallucinations out of the process. So, so they go work on it, and then you have them using like GitHub, MCP or the get a GH tool. You can have them write their own pull requests. You could specify how you want them to write the pull request. So this gives you your own log of what's happening. It gives you your own but it also gives the ability to have dispatch agents to then look at the pull request, and then they can look at the code and do their own analysis of the code and the pull request. And you could have it for multiple different angles, right? Like you could have one that sort of, this type of specialist, that type of specialist, and you could have even assigned dynamically as you go. And what this does is it's if you're creating multiple times, multiple like iterations for these sub agents, for different contacts, thinking in different from different point of views, with different specialties. Quote, unquote, right? Because they're sub agents and we can assign them kind of specialties to their prompts. I Yeah, it gives them that many like opportunities to catch something that's off, right? And you could have each sub agent, you could, you could, you could really tell them, like, hey, let's look at the whole project. Does this make sense in the project view? Like you can, you can make your sub agency, even though it's working on a little ticket, it could be a principal engineer working on that ticket. Do you know what I mean? Like, it can be, you don't have to say, like, Okay, well, we only have resources for, like, these types of engine, like, you know, like junior engineers who we have to teach, right? It's like, you can have that agent take a look at the whole project and understand the project as a whole, and understand where their specific ticket fits into that and do their analysis that way. And as long as you're, like, keeping track of your tokens and like, you know, using the right models, like, you can get away with quite a bit of this without, like, spending too much, and you could fine tune this to spend even less less tokens, by managing your contacts, by managing plugins and things like that. So really, what I want to say about this is like, there's a real like benefit to the locality, like the agent, like, if you think of it like a graph, like, we're like nodes, like, each each ticket is like its own node, right? It's like, we have the perspective of looking at the node from, from the branch right. We're like at the tree right, or the root right, and we could see the nodes and the branching structure, but we could see it from over here, right. What we could do is we get instantiated sub agent, and that agent will be instantiated on that node, like, conceptually, with the context we give it right, and it can then look from its perspective, which is a different perspective, which is just like, it's good to have that locality, because we're branching out from the perspective of the issue itself, rather than When we're creating the tickets, we're looking at the larger issue, right? Like, rather than like, I guess the way to put it is, like, we're looking at the whole project, right? But when you get the ticket, you could say, hey, this ticket is special to me. I'm this, like, I'm this guy who has this, this ticket. I don't care about, like, when you care about the rest of the project, but like, the perspective is different. So there's, there's different things that work there, right? So it's like you have different perspectives, so you might uncover other things. You're also doing an iteration on it, which might uncover things just by nature of a different instance of iteration, or iterating. And the last part of that is, it's, it's like you have overlapping lanes of fire, right? So you have some parts that like different agents are going to overlap, right? So your front end agent and your UI agent may have like, if you think about like a Venn diagram of like, what they cover, right? They're they're covering that. What they have in common is kind of like the UI in general, right? Like they both are concerned with UI. One's concerned with programming, though, and the other one's concerned with like, you know, the user experience from, like, a user perspective, kind of, right? But then on the other end, right? You would maybe, if you added like a back end expert, right? Then what they have in common is code, right? But what they don't have in common is one's back end code and one's UI concern, right, like, so that's kind of the way we can overlap, right? So we're getting that overlap is like creating an extra iteration, if that makes sense, over the same area, but also like gives us those extra perspectives, not just from within the node, from the locality of the node, but from a diverse set of perspectives, of like, technologists, right? Yeah. And also, like any outlier, like hallucinations, we can quickly say, hey, let's send out. So for both, both, there's two situations, right? So there's the there's a situation where we might end up with a hallucination on like one, or, you know, hopefully we're not the same hallucination on like two, right? But like, maybe you have a hallucination on one the other four don't see it. So you don't have to just take the other four word for it. What you could do is you could send out another three sonnet agents, or another two agents to look at that issue and validate whether it makes sense or not. Same on the other end, if you end up with an issue that four of them didn't catch and only one of them caught, then you could send out agents and say, validate whether this is a real issue, right? And then we can, like, iterate on it. From there, we can even send out another wave, right? Really? What like? The reason for this is like, we want to, like, add each phase, like, make sure we have some sort of, like progress capture. So, like, it may seem like a lot up front, but it's like it's building a foundation as you go. And what happens a lot with like these AI, like scaffolding or like vibe coding, is you're shooting straight through to the end, and you're building this very brittle structure, and you need to work against that, because that's like, how the technology is, like, that's a downside of it, right? So you need to continue to, like, iterate over the same thing over and, you know, it sounds like repetitive, but that's kind of just the nature of it. We're working with probabilities. We're not working with, like, something that's completely deterministic. You have to, like, think about the probabilities when you kind of implement these processes and these skills and these flows, because if you do that, you can mitigate a lot of the issues that you're going to run into without having to, like, have your own intervention, if you set up these flows, and you can even make them dynamic, like, if you have this orchestrator, the Concord instance you're speaking to her that you're interacting with is orchestrating these you can use it to orchestrate these agents in like complex patterns and formations without completely polluting this context. Yeah, and so that's kind of like, I'll leave it at that, but I

Transcribed by https://otter.ai